Feat plans docs (#311)
appwrite/website: src/partials/resource-limits.md

## Check resource usage {% #check-resource-usage %}

> You can check your organization's resource usage by navigating to your organization, under the **Usage** tab, you can check the current billing cycle's usage stats.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can check your organization's resource usage for the current billing cycle by navigating to your organization, under the **Usage** tab.
```

## Reaching resource limits {% #reaching-resource-limits %}
Reaching your organization's resource limits will have the following effects until the current billing period ends.
{% table %}
* Component
* Consequence
---
* **Bandwidth** {% rowspan=3 %}

> *  More bandwidth will be purchased automatically until organization reaches budget cap. If the organization uses a Starter plan or the budget cap is reached, API access will be denied until your organization's plan is upgraded or your budget cap is increased.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*  More bandwidth will be purchased automatically until your organization reaches a budget cap. If the organization uses a Starter plan or a budget cap is reached, API access will be denied until your organization's plan is upgraded or your budget cap is increased.
```

---
*  Importing projects via migrations disabled, but you can still export your projects.
---
*  Platform creation disabled.
---

> * **Monthly active users**

Reviewer: For billing v1 I don't think we can use the term `Monthly active users`. It should be "Users" here. Is that correct @lohanidamodar @ArmanNik ?

Reviewer 2: @heyCarla that's correct

Author: Fixed

Reviewer: I think you need to push this change? Looks the same to me

Author: Ah yes, imagine pushing after making changes. Thanks

* Creating new accounts and team invitations disabled.
---
* **Compute**
* Function executions are disabled.
---
* **Realtime**
* Realtime subscriptions disabled.
---
* **Storage**

> * File uploads are disabled. Persists across billing periods until storage is .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* File uploads are disabled. Persists across billing periods until files uploaded are below the plan limit.
```

Feel free to reword, but the idea is that files should be under the plan limit

## Check resource usage {% #check-resource-usage %}

> You can check your organization's resource usage by navigating to the overview page of your organization. 

Reviewer 3: I dont think there is `overview` page. There is `projects`, `usage` and `billing`

Author: Fixed

Under the **Usage** tab, you can check current billing cycle's usage.

## Reaching resource limits {% #reaching-resource-limits %}
The following limit consequences will persist until the current billing period ends.
{% table %}
* Component
* Consequence
---
* **Bandwidth** {% rowspan=3 %}

> * Project creation is disabled.

Reviewer 4: when bandwidth limit is reached, all API access will be disabled. But for pro/scale teams, nothing will be disabled rather additional charges will apply, until their budget cap is reached only then it will be disabled.

> *  More bandwidth will be purchased automatically until organization reaches budget cap. If the organization uses a Starter plan or budget cap is reached, API access will be disabled until more bandwidth is purchased.

Reviewer 3: `disabled`, I would do `blocked` or `denied`

Author: Fixed

> *  More bandwidth will be purchased automatically until organization reaches budget cap. If the organization uses a Starter plan or budget cap is reached, API access will be disabled until more bandwidth is purchased.

Reviewer 3: For free it makes sense you `until more bandwidth is purchased`, but for when you are pro already, solution is to increase budget cap.

Author: Fixed

{% /table %}

## Switching to Starter plan and reaching limits {% #switching-to-starter-plan-reaching-resource-limits %}

When you switch from Pro or Scale plan to Starter plan, you will be able to take advantage of the existing limits until the end of the current billing period. 
After the billing period ends, the Starter plan limits and consequences will apply.

If an organisation has multiple members after the billing period ends, all admins besides the original creator of the organization will be removed.
The following consequences should also apply at the project level if the Starter plan per-project resource limits have been exceeded.

{% table %}
* Component
* Action
---
* **Platforms**
* If more than 3 platforms have been created, disable them in order of date created (oldest ones first).
---
* **Webhooks**
* If more than 2 webhooks have been created, disable them in order of date created (oldest ones first).
---
* **Teams**
* If more than 100 teams have been created, disable them in order of date created (oldest ones first).
---
* **Databases**
* If more than 1 database has been created, disable them in order of date created (oldest ones first).
---
* **Buckets**

> * If more than 3 buckets have been created, disable them in order of date created (oldest ones first).

Reviewer 4: should we disable the oldest ones or we disable the newest ones? for me it makes sense to disable the latest ones not the oldest ones

Author: @lohanidamodar Depends on the behavior you implement. Let me know, I don't mind either way.
